[Music]
if you gaze into an abyss long enough
the abyss will gaze back into you but if
you stare into a Fox's eyes the only
thing you'll notice will be its vertical
pupils look at the sheep's eyes and
horizontal pupils will stare back at you
and that's not the only paradox the
world has for us there's a tiny
community in Minnesota USA that's run by
several local business owners still a
symbolic mayor gets elected every year
by having their name drawn out of a hat
any resident willing to pay $1 can try
their luck that's why in 2012 the town
had a three year old mayor who was later
elected for a second term
toilet paper didn't become popular until
the end of the 19th century and even
then it was sold in packs of flat sheets
that had the inventors name on them and
contained a low extract people weren't
too enthusiastic about such a waste of
brand-new paper but once producers
started to sell toilet paper in rolls
they gained wide popularity the longest
a person ironed clothes and one go was
100 hours and this result was added to
the Guinness World Records in 2015 if
you find ironing your shirts too tedious
ask Gareth Sanders from the UK what it
feels like to iron almost 2,000 items of
clothing non-stop with no more than half
a minute breaks in between Wow
he's the real Iron Man your fridge
doesn't have the same temperature in all
its corners depending on the model the
temperature difference can range from 33
degrees to 50 degrees with the bottom
shelves and the back being the colder
spots but if your fridge has an ice
making compartment at the top the upper
shelves will be the chilliest several
studies claim that while you're there
you cool your brain it feels to run at
full capacity if the temperature outside
is as hot as your body you also yo it
more when you're tired because sleep
deprivation increases your brain
temperature when some Massachusetts
residents felt like playing a song or
two instead of grabbing a guitar they go
for a typewriter in 2004 the Boston
typewriter orchestra performed for the
first time the orchestra members produce
unusual music with the help of old
typewriters and have already released
one album hey do you play any unusual
musical instruments if so write about it
in the comments below and now get ready
for some shocking news thus linking a
popular toy that can walk down the
stairs on its own was invented by
accident Richard James a naval engineer
was working on a spring that could
stabilize equipment on boats during
rough seas the spring that appeared as a
result of his experiments could move
seemingly on its own a bit later it
became the slinky prototype the letter Z
has had some rough patches during its
life for example around 300 BCE it was
removed from the alphabet and was
missing for almost two centuries the
explanation was simple we don't use this
letter that much plus people started to
pronounce Z like r which made the symbol
kind of useless so if the Z didn't ever
come back the zebra would have been the
Reeb rod sounds like a country singer to
me if you want to find a more exciting
alternative to a lawn mower a company
from California can help you it rents
out almost 100 goats
the animals are advertised as
environmentally friendly and
self-propelled rumor has it even Google
hires the hoof albums ever had that
annoying situation when you have a word
on the tip of your tongue I can't
remember it
yeah it's right there this phenomenon
has its own name let the logica by the
way the most often forgotten words are
those you don't use regularly including
proper names out of more than 600,000
words the Oxford English Dictionary
contains an adult hardly uses 50,000 the
horseshoe crab has eyes all over its
body 10 in fact with some on top of the
animal shell down its tail and near the
mouth all these eyes help the crab get
around and he now has no excuse for
getting lost typical for middle sized
animals that hunt by pouncing on their
future meal such as cats the slits help
them judge distances better and see both
in the dark and in dazzling light big
meat-eaters that are active during the
day and don't need to stay close to the
ground like tigers or wolves have
circular pupils and grazing animals for
example sheeps and goats have horizontal
slits which provides a bigger field of
view and help animals see the danger in
time some animals have unique eyes with
totally mind-blowing pupils for example
a geckos pupils look like small pinholes
arranged in a vertical line dolphins
have crescent-shaped pupils some frog
species like yellow-bellied toads have
pupil shaped like miniature hearts and
cuttlefishes have pupils that resemble
the letter W when it's light but becomes
circular and large and darkness there's
a popular belief that cheese can give
you nightmares but it seems to be
nothing but an old wives tale one study
has 200 volunteers to eat cheese before
going to bed the product turned out to
actually prevent nightmares about 72
percent of participants slept
exceptionally well with 67 percent
remembering their dreams interestingly
the volunteers reported their dreams to
be a bit odd if they ate blue cheese
before falling asleep
well here you go blonde zebras do exist
in 2019 this rare animal was spotted in
Africa's Serengeti National Park the
photographer who was the first to see
the unusual zebra thought it was covered
with dust later it became obvious it was
the animals true color scientists
believe the blonde zebra looks golden
because of partial albinism now you
might think that people with black belts
are martial arts experts with years of
rigorous training and experience but in
Japan the word they use for the same
ranking is show dot and is translated as
the first step
shrimps are covered with exoskeletons
divided into two parts the one that
protects the shrimp's head and the one
that contains its tail the animal's
heart is in the first section almost
right in the head in 2012 biologists
stumbled upon the Manhattan a completely
new species of an that only lives in New
York City at the junction of Broadway
and 63rd and also 76 streets to be
precise researchers think that the and
comes from Europe but they haven't been
able to match the insect with any of the
13,000 known ant species this creature
might be totally new to the world now
most babies get their first teeth when
they're turning six months old but
approximately one out of two thousand
infants gets born with a tooth or even
several teeth these teeth also called
natal can be of four kinds just about to
cut through the gum slightly poking
through the gum loose with no roots and
fully developed but loops
cats have 32 muscles in each year these
muscles help kitties hear every little
noise since they allow the ears to
rotate independently and thus detect
sounds better gravity-defying geckos
have millions of tiny branched hairs on
their bulbous toads the system let's get
go stick and unstick their feet at
breakneck speed scurrying across
surfaces at 20 body lengths per second
hey just look at that gecko go
toothpaste color codes have nothing to
do with the products ingredients a
widely spread myth claims that let's say
a black colored square at the bottom
means toothpaste contains only chemical
components and a green mark equals an
all-natural product in reality the color
choice depends on the toothpaste tube
design the mark has to be as contrasting
as possible otherwise a light beam
sensor won't manage to read it Nile
crocodiles usually die for about two
minutes at a time if they feel
threatened they can swim underwater for
up to 30 minutes and when they stay
fully inactive for example while waiting
for an animal to munch on they can hold
their breath for up to two hours the
high levels of lactic acid in their
bodies make this incredible feat
possible so despite the name jellyfish
also called sea jellies aren't fish they
don't have a heart brain or bones
they're almost 97% water and only about
3% solid matter scientists claim that
the best time to take a nap during the
day is from 1:00 p.m. to 2:30 p.m.
that's when a dip in your body
temperature makes you sleepy no the
hummingbird wastes less than a nickel
and is the only bird that can fly
backward its wings move up to 200 times
a second when the tiny thing drinks
nectar it moves its tongue in and out of
the flower about 13 times per second one
bird usually consumes almost half its
body weight in a day
and seahorses can move their eyes
independently which means they can look
forward with a right eye and backward
with their left one it's a useful
feature for animals that hunt by side
hey if you learn something new today
then give the video a like and share it
with a friend and here are some other
videos I think you'll enjoy just click
to the left or right and remember stay
on the bright side of life